GPS Sanity Flow steps
======================

1. Open browser(IE) and navigate to url : http://t1gps1m8.vci.att.com:9081/CRWEB/jsp/forms/CR_Frame.jsp
2. Input Att uid and Global Logon
3. Press Login and Continue.
4. Navigate to CR Web screen of GPS.
5. Click on New Request.
6. Under Avialible companies menu select "MNS Test Company"
7. Click on Select company and click ok button
8. Next click on "Requestor" link and click on "search"
9. Select 1st hyper link availible in the list.
10. Next click on "Services" Tab
11. Select "Equipment: New set-up" from the list menu
12. Click "Add service"
13. Next click on "Location/Site-id" link
14. click on "search" button and select 1st hyperlink option
15. type description for CR - "New CR Request"
16. Click on "continue" and click on "complete order"
17. refresh browser
18. Enter details "email id" , "current date" , "time" , select check box (same as requestor)
19. click "Submit" button.
20. CR # is generated - store the CR # in a variable ( CR_Number)
21) Open the GPS Application
22) select the same company in RCP and open CR
23) Go to wfm Project
24) There will sets of tasks under CR
25)Complet only Review for Netwrok Impact Task by clicking mark task complete
26) Refresh The Screen
27) SR will be generated
28)Open Intial SR process Click on Go to SR 
29)Populate Node Primary Name from the drop down some time there will be no value in Drop down the click on the 
  Node Primary Name which is a drill down it will navigate to next page the do search and select any value
30) Populate Standard Interval with time 
31)populate SLA/Negoitated due date with time
32) Populate Missed Requested compl Reason, Missed Standated Interval Reason and Missed SLA Reason with Client Delay from there Drop Down
and Save the screen
33) Populate the Service Request (any value from the drop down) and save the screen
34) Copy the Node Primary Name what is populated on the screen and open Service Tab which is next to SR tab
35)Double Click on the SR line 
36) Go to Atribute tab paste the copied value where (node prime) filed you see and save the screen
37) Come back to worf dlow and complete the task by clicking mark task complte
38)Determine retrival tab select none in that if the task in open
39)Is servey needed select no servey is needed and sumbt
40) Provide Physical Site Design select hardware is required
41) Then Order List task will appear then click on open task for this and click on go to Order list tab if the tab doesn't appear the close the work flow and open again as there is some issue you can refresh the screen also to chek it appears or not
42) If you entered in the Order List tab the populate all the mandatory fileds and save the screen if you missed any field it will throw the error which filed is left to populate. Here also some time in drop down there will be no value so click direcly on that field it will guide to next screen where you can do random search and select any value. In order List screen for Acount Type drop down please select ITPEL value.
43) After Populating all the value and save is successful the copy the SR num and paste it on the Excel sheet provided as OL tempelet and save the same the click on Upload OL and follw the steps asked.
44) After OL successfully uploaded click transmit button.
45) After Transmit successfull click on Order List Line Tab to check lines are created.
46) Send sanity confirmation email to receipients with the order lines screenshot. 


